hi guys this is clash of clans and
Today I decided to write such a test
video i think many of you watched a
so golems at 2,000 subscribers and
Today I decided to do something like
announcement channel 64 display which will be
dedicated to the ball
decided to say how to say this 6
ball fight as I usually spend
hair play 5 battles
then it will be such another Bernini
just another such kind of 6 fight this
there will be something like a promo rabbit
I do not know I hope you like it and you
you will wait 64 of the player I think those who
watched the golems attack remember what
this attack was without my comments and
to music this attack will also be without
my comments and substrates mind hope
You'll like it
go
everything
but
on us
fashion
but
Here is such an announcement of 64
letspleev hope you enjoyed
do not care what I did not demolish the base for a hundred
percent i think was very very
epic
especially the giants that came out at the end i
I thought a lot like a principle
that 's all thanks to everyone for watching
good luck to all
wait 64 yearsplay